Update tile_matrix_sets.md (#201)
developmentseed/titiler: docs/concepts/tiler_factories.md

| `GET`  | `/point/{lon},{lat}`                                            | JSON      | return pixel value from a MosaicJSON dataset

> **Factories** are built around [`rio_tiler.io.BaseReader`](https://cogeotiff.github.io/rio-tiler/advanced/custom_readers/), which define a basic method to access datasets (e.g COG or STAC). The default reader is `COGReader` for `TilerFactory` and `MosaicBackend` for `MosaicTilerFactory`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Factories** are built around [`rio_tiler.io.BaseReader`](https://cogeotiff.github.io/rio-tiler/advanced/custom_readers/), which defines basic methods to access datasets (e.g COG or STAC). The default reader is `COGReader` for `TilerFactory` and `MosaicBackend` for `MosaicTilerFactory`.
```
